Add code to update all ssl cert files used in the test system (#3442)
puma/puma: examples/generate_all_certs.md

## Updating Puma test cert files

One must have openssl and keytool in their Path.  Keytool is part of the JDK.

> It maybe helpful to install the 'certificate_authority' gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It maybe helpful to install the '[certificate_authority](https://github.com/cchandler/certificate_authority)' gem.
```

Author: Added the link
